Generic system scalar Depends on PR#328 (#334)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/source/scalar_kernels/FuelCycleSystemScalarKernel.md

# FuelCycleSystemScalarKernel

!syntax description /ScalarKernels/FuelCycleSystemScalarKernel

## Overview

This object implements the time-dependent mass-transport equations for a
single variable given an arbitrary number of coupled inputs/outputs (coupled [ScalarVariables](/syntax/Variables))

> and/or sources and sinks. Also tracks tritium decay. All parameters are defined as functors,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and/or sources and sinks. 
This kernel tracks tritium decay. 
All parameters are defined as functors,
```
